Size of building affect break bulk time + include more hazard with international travel. 

A stock and a supply chain belong to a FinalDestinationManager. Need to update in consequences the management of warehouse according to this method.
Moreover, when a FinalDest change of LogisticProvider, the LogisticProvider need to update in consequences the usedWarehouses list.
When the LogisticProvider test if an order is needed, he must find the right supply chain

update supply chain network when logistic provider loose a final dest manager
 
Develop a new "move" skills with these functions :
	- The speed and length of Road must be considered to compute shortest path. But The maximum speed on a road must also affect the speed of the batch agent when he moves.
	- make a new algo to compute shortest path: need to consider the break bulks time and not just the length or the speed (useful if we had river network or rail network which are more fast in the transport but not with break bulk).
	- The batch let a trace on the path when he moves which allow to analyze the flows on Graphstream.
	- Add an easy way to make a graphic with average distance traveled by batch (and by kind of batch).

Add a categorization of product with parameters : the management of warehouses (the supply chain) depends on kind of products : for instance,
the more the product is sold rapidly, the more it wil be stock in a local warehouse. From short term => food, fresh food, dry food, textile, non-food product, high-tech appliances, furnitures => to long term
Some product needs to be manage in particular warehouse (foods for instance), and some other could be manage by particular logistic provider

Update : logistic provider manages goods on hinterland, and forwarding agent manages goods on international ways.
So, a final destination manager have at least two contacts : one or more logistic provider, one or more forwarding agent.

The probability to change the logistic provider and the forwarding agent must depends on his performance.

Add maritime terminal : these are the door of the Seine axis.

Add river network + river terminal

Add a zoomed window of "ile de france"
add rail network